Status as of February 6, 2012:

There are two sets of tests here right now, for both 2D and 3D transforms:
JS-only tests, and reftests.

The JS tests use testharness.js, and are in 2d-transforms.html and
3d-transforms.html.  Just visit the file in your browser and the tests will
run.  In a few seconds you should have a big list of passes/fails.

The reftests are in ref-2d/ and ref-3d/.  In theory you could look at all the
files and find the <link rel=match> and <link rel=mismatch> tags, but the
easiest way to view them is viewer.html.  It's fairly self-explanatory: you can
select either 2D or 3D tests, and for each one, select either matches or
mismatches.  The test runner will flip back and forth rapidly between the test
and the reference file, so if it matches it will appear steady (pass for match,
fail for mismatch) and if it mismatches it will flicker between two different
images (pass for mismatch, fail for match).  I'm assuming they match if they're
visually the same, ignoring errors that are too small to see, although this
isn't how browsers' automated reftest runners probably work.

Keep in mind that 3D transforms are not supported at all in any public version
of Opera, and are supported in IE only as of IE 10 Developer Preview (which
only works on Windows 8 Developer Preview).  Also, WebKit doesn't support 3D
transforms properly if you don't have working GPU acceleration.  2D transforms
work pretty well in all recent browsers, including IE9.

Warning: I'm still working on the 3D stuff.  Many of the tests are likely to be
wrong at this point.  I hope to have it relatively ready soon.  2D tests should
be pretty good at this point, but review would be highly appreciated.  Also,
nothing here tests transitions or animations, because I have no good way to
test them at this point.

There are bunch of ambiguities and possible errors in the spec that I've
disabled some tests for.  These are marked with FIXME in the test files.  You
can view all the outstanding bugs I've filed here:

https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/buglist.cgi?product=CSS&component=CSS+Transforms
&resolution=---&emailreporter1=1&emailtype1=exact&email1=ayg%40aryeh.name
